Hello, swimming fitness, find out.
Learn about swimming fitness
Hey, come back and get ready.
Sister He gave 5 million betrothal gift to marry you
Which Mr. He?
Which other sister He?
Naturally, he is the uncle of the richest man in Yuncheng
He can see you
That's your blessing.
Yan Shiqing's uncle
He's 60 years old.
And he has quirks.
How could you marry me to him?
What's wrong with this?
You marry into the He family
It's the eldest lady
Yan Shiqing still has to call you uncle
What's there to be dissatisfied with?
It's settled then.
Marry into the He family in three days
Dream on.
I'm not marrying a creepy old man with quirks
I will marry myself
See how you still take my ripples
Mr. Yan, you are dressed like this again
Miss Chen will definitely not like you.
Then the old lady will have to start talking again
You don't understand, so you can see people's hearts
Who doesn't understand?
I don't know you yet.
You are protecting yourself for the woman from five years ago
shut up
Mr. Yan, please don't deduct my salary.
Just silent in the breath
I don't know where he is